# Institution_web_portal
This Institution web portal helps teachers to get the most accurate information to make more effective decisions. Students gain immediate access to their grades and can track their own progress. Our database enables the institution to get the status of vaccination from the students and other details in just a few clicks. This system is a web enabled application developed in PHP and powerful PostgreSQL database backend. The front-end is handled by HTML and CSS, using Heroku as the web host. This system provides the teachers to add/remove student, edit their marks, while students can provide their status of vaccination and view their marks, and other information. As Vaccines are now available to the masses, We Store the information of the vaccinated so that the default online system can be converted to an on-campus class only if all the students in a class are vaccinated. Our system works as a centralized database and application that schools can easily access the system from anywhere based on the login credentials. It is a platform independent system that virtually any user can access from anywhere through a standard internet accessible system.

In the light of rising concern about the current COVID-19 pandemic, all citizens were requested to stay home to avoid community spread of the deadly foreign disease. A large body of literature highlights the unprecedented closure of educational institutions to reduce the spread of infectious disease in the community by breaking important chains of transmission. The premature closure of colleges was undoubtedly a positive response by the government to protect the youth of the country from possible risks of contracting COVID-19, as the continuation of classes per usual would lead to inevitable gatherings and put all students at high risk. However, to avoid total curriculum disruption while the Covid-19 pandemic lasted, many universities have introduced technology-based pedagogy to ensure that learners continue their schooling while staying at home. I built this web portal keeping in mind the current situation and to provide this system to anyone, anywhere in the world.
